- [Instructor] So, now that we've written
our function in Java and tested it locally
using our installed Azure function tools.
It's time to deploy this out to Azure
and execute it out there.
So, let's jump back into our IDE
and I want you to go to the Azure extension,
and now you may or may not have one that looks
just like this.
You actually have to build the code fully locally
and package it in order to upload it to Azure.
So, if you don't see the update command,
you're going to click the same way
that I'm going to click the update here
in order to build the function so we can upload it.
Now, this is going to require Maven to run
and this may take a little bit of time
but once it's done,
you can now do like we've done before
and upload this application to Azure as a function app.
Now, we'll create a new function
and this one we will call java-function
and then put some initial behind it
because it has to be unique.
We'll choose Java 11.
Pick the location where you want to upload.
I'm going to choose U.S. East
and now we'll let it do its upload.
And this may take a little bit longer than Python
because the Java program itself
is actually a little bit bigger.
Usually by quite a bit depending
on which classes you bring in
but let's just be patient and allow it to do its upload.
Okay, so now that we've waited all that time
and allowed our Java functioned update out to Azure,
let's go ahead and execute it remotely.
So, we'll open up our subscription
and you'll see our function is out there.
Let's right click on it and Execute Function Now.
And once again, we'll put in some data,
some message will be, "Hello
from Azure in Java."
And we will put a count of 10,
and now execute that remotely.
You'll see, we got our message back.
It's executed.
And now let's jump into the Azure Portal.
We'll refresh our App Services.
We can go into our java-function
and you'll see our executions
and how much more it consumed partially because it's Java.
And that's one of the downfalls of using Java
as a serverless language.